docs/QUICK_START.md, before:

# Quick Start Guide - Next Steps

**Date:** January 22, 2026 **Status:** MVP ~85% Complete, Ready for Polish Phase

---

## 🎯 Immediate Action Items (This Week)

### Day 1-2: Avatar Upload (HIGH PRIORITY)

**Estimated Time:** 6-8 hours

**Why:** Users need profile photos. Currently shows initials only.

**Steps:**

1. Set up Supabase Storage bucket for avatars
2. Create API endpoint: `routes/api/profile/upload-avatar.ts`
3. Add upload UI to `islands/LinksEditor.tsx`
4. Image validation (max 2MB, resize to 500x500px)
5. Update profile display in `routes/@[username].tsx`

**Code skeleton:**

```typescript
// routes/api/profile/upload-avatar.ts
import { createSupabaseClient } from "../../lib/supabase.ts";

export const handler = async (req: Request): Promise<Response> => {
  const formData = await req.formData();
  const file = formData.get("avatar") as File;

  // Validate file type and size
  // Upload to Supabase Storage: avatars/{user_id}/avatar.jpg
  // Update public_profiles.avatar_url
  // Return new avatar URL
};
```

---

### Day 3: Social Links (HIGH PRIORITY)

**Estimated Time:** 4-6 hours

**Why:** Instagram, Twitter, YouTube icons are expected features.

**Steps:**

1. Add migration to `sql/LINKINBIO_SETUP.sql`:
   ```sql
   ALTER TABLE public_profiles
   ADD COLUMN social_links JSONB DEFAULT '{}'::jsonb;
   ```
2. Add social links editor to `islands/LinksEditor.tsx`
3. Display social icons on `routes/@[username].tsx`
4. Use common icon set (or emojis)

**Format:**

```json
{
  "instagram": "username",
  "twitter": "handle",
  "youtube": "channel_url",
  "tiktok": "username",
  "linkedin": "profile",
  "github": "username"
}
```

---

### Day 4: Link Icons/Emojis (MEDIUM PRIORITY)

**Estimated Time:** 2-3 hours

**Why:** Makes links more engaging and visual.

**Steps:**

1. Add emoji picker to link editor in `islands/LinksEditor.tsx`
2. Store in existing `links.icon` field (already exists!)
3. Display on public profile

**Simple approach:**

```typescript
// Common emojis grid
const COMMON_EMOJIS = [
  "🔗",
  "🌐",
  "📱",
  "💼",
  "🎵",
  "🎬",
  "📧",
  "🛒",
  "📚",
  "🎨",
];
```

---

### Day 5: Mobile Responsiveness Audit (HIGH PRIORITY) ✅ COMPLETE

**Estimated Time:** 4-6 hours\
**Actual Time:** ~5 hours\
**Completed:** January 24, 2026

**Why:** Most traffic will be mobile.

**Checklist:**

- [x] Test all pages on iPhone SE (375px)
- [x] Test on Android (360px)
- [x] Touch targets minimum 44px
- [x] Forms easy to fill on mobile
- [x] Public profile perfect on mobile
- [x] Dashboard usable on mobile
- [x] No horizontal scroll anywhere

**Implementation Summary:**

All pages have been optimized for mobile devices with the following
improvements:

1. **Touch Targets**: All interactive elements (buttons, links, inputs) now meet
   the 44px minimum touch target requirement
2. **Responsive Layouts**:
   - Dashboard grid stacks on mobile
   - Forms use responsive padding (p-6 sm:p-8 md:p-12)
   - Headers stack vertically on mobile
3. **Public Profile**: Optimized padding, avatar sizing, and social icon touch
   targets
4. **Links Editor**: Theme grid responsive (3 cols on mobile, 5 on desktop)
5. **UI Components**: Button and Input components enforce 44px minimum height
6. **Global Styles**: Added overflow-x: hidden and touch-manipulation CSS for
   better mobile experience
7. **Typography**: Responsive text sizing (text-xl sm:text-2xl patterns)

**Files Modified:**

- `routes/@[username].tsx` - Public profile mobile optimization
- `routes/dashboard.tsx` - Dashboard mobile layout
- `routes/index.tsx` - Home page mobile responsiveness
- `routes/links.tsx` - Links page mobile layout
- `routes/profile.tsx` - Profile page mobile layout
- `routes/login.tsx` & `routes/register.tsx` - Form page containers
- `islands/LoginForm.tsx` & `islands/RegisterForm.tsx` - Form mobile
  optimization
- `islands/LinksEditor.tsx` - Links editor mobile responsiveness
- `islands/ProfileForm.tsx` - Profile form mobile padding
- `components/ui/Button.tsx` - 44px minimum touch target
- `components/ui/Input.tsx` - 44px minimum touch target
- `assets/styles.css` - Global mobile styles (overflow prevention, touch
  optimization)

---

### Day 6-7: Onboarding Flow (HIGH PRIORITY)

**Estimated Time:** 4-6 hours

**Why:** Reduce drop-off after signup.

**Steps:**

1. Create `islands/OnboardingWizard.tsx`
2. Show after first login
3. Steps:
   - Welcome! Let's set up your page
   - Choose a username
   - Add your first link
   - Pick a theme
   - Publish your page!
4. Progress indicator (1 of 5)
5. Skip option

---

## 📊 Week 2: Analytics & Polish

### Analytics Dashboard

**Create:** `routes/analytics.tsx` + `routes/api/analytics/stats.ts`

**Show:**

- Page views over time (last 7/30 days)
- Total clicks
- Top performing links
- Basic referrer data

**Keep it simple:** Use CSS bars instead of heavy chart libraries initially.

---

### Landing Page Enhancement

**Update:** `routes/index.tsx`

**Sections:**

- Hero: Clear value prop
- Features with icons
- Pricing preview
- CTA: "Get Started Free"
- Footer with links

---

## 💰 Week 3-5: Monetization

### 1. Set up Stripe (Day 1)

1. Create Stripe account
2. Get API keys
3. Create products/prices in Stripe Dashboard
   - Pro: $5/month
   - Business: $15/month

### 2. Database Changes (Day 1)

```sql
ALTER TABLE user_profiles ADD COLUMN subscription_tier TEXT DEFAULT 'free';
ALTER TABLE user_profiles ADD COLUMN stripe_customer_id TEXT;
ALTER TABLE user_profiles ADD COLUMN stripe_subscription_id TEXT;
ALTER TABLE user_profiles ADD COLUMN subscription_status TEXT;
ALTER TABLE user_profiles ADD COLUMN subscription_ends_at TIMESTAMPTZ;
```

### 3. Build API Routes (Day 2-3)

- `routes/api/billing/create-checkout-session.ts`
- `routes/api/billing/create-portal-session.ts`
- `routes/api/billing/webhook.ts`

### 4. Create Pages (Day 3-4)

- `routes/pricing.tsx` - Public pricing page
- `routes/billing.tsx` - User billing dashboard
- `islands/PricingCards.tsx` - Interactive cards

### 5. Feature Gating (Day 4-5)

- Create `lib/subscription.ts` with tier limits
- Enforce in `routes/api/links/index.ts`
- Show upgrade prompts in `islands/LinksEditor.tsx`

### 6. Testing (Day 5-6)

- Test checkout flow
- Test webhook handling
- Test subscription updates
- Test cancellation

---

## 🚀 Launch Checklist

### Pre-Launch

- [ ] Avatar upload working
- [ ] Social links working
- [ ] Mobile responsive
- [ ] All bugs fixed
- [ ] Onboarding flow complete
- [ ] Landing page polished
- [ ] Documentation written
- [ ] 20+ beta users tested
- [ ] 10+ testimonials collected

### Payment Setup

- [ ] Stripe account approved
- [ ] Products created in Stripe
- [ ] Webhooks configured
- [ ] Billing dashboard working
- [ ] Test mode fully tested
- [ ] Live mode keys added

### Legal & Compliance

- [ ] Privacy Policy published
- [ ] Terms of Service published
- [ ] GDPR compliance (for EU users)
- [ ] Cookie consent (if tracking)
- [ ] Refund policy clear

### Marketing

- [ ] Product Hunt listing prepared
- [ ] Twitter announcement drafted
- [ ] Reddit posts ready
- [ ] Email to waitlist ready
- [ ] Press kit (screenshots, logo, copy)

### Technical

- [ ] Performance audit (Lighthouse > 90)
- [ ] Security audit complete
- [ ] Error monitoring (Sentry) set up
- [ ] Backups configured
- [ ] Rate limiting enabled
- [ ] Domain & SSL working

---

## 📈 First Week Goals (After Launch)

### User Acquisition

- **Target:** 100 registered users
- **Strategy:**
  - Product Hunt launch
  - Post in 5+ relevant subreddits
  - Share on Twitter with demo video
  - DM 20 micro-influencers

### Engagement

- **Target:** 50 published profiles
- **Monitor:**
  - Sign up → profile creation rate
  - Profile creation → publish rate
  - Drop-off points

### Revenue

- **Target:** First paying customer
- **Track:**
  - Free → paid conversion rate
  - Checkout abandonment rate

---

## 🛠️ Development Environment Setup

### First Time Setup

```bash
# 1. Clone the repo (already done ✓)

# 2. Install Deno (if not already installed)
curl -fsSL https://deno.land/x/install/install.sh | sh

# 3. Create .env file
cp .env.example .env
# Add your Supabase credentials

# 4. Set up Supabase database
# Copy sql/LINKINBIO_SETUP.sql into Supabase SQL Editor and run

# 5. Start dev server
deno task dev
```

### Environment Variables Needed

```env
SUPABASE_URL=https://xxx.supabase.co
SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=xxx
SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY=xxx
STRIPE_SECRET_KEY=sk_test_xxx (after Stripe setup)
STRIPE_WEBHOOK_SECRET=whsec_xxx (after webhook setup)
```

---

## 🐛 Known Issues / Tech Debt

### High Priority

1. No avatar upload functionality yet
2. No social links support yet
3. Analytics is very basic (just counters)
4. No user onboarding flow
5. No email notifications
6. No rate limiting on API endpoints

### Medium Priority

7. No comprehensive error logging
8. No automated testing
9. No CI/CD pipeline
10. Email templates are default Supabase ones

### Low Priority

11. No dark mode (except in public profile themes)
12. No i18n support
13. No PWA features (offline, install prompt)

---

## 📚 Helpful Commands

```bash
# Development
deno task dev              # Start dev server (localhost:5173)
deno task check            # Type check and lint
deno task build            # Production build

# Database
# Run migrations directly in Supabase SQL Editor

# Deployment (Deno Deploy)
deno deploy                # Deploy to production

# Git workflow
git add .
git commit -m "feat: add avatar upload"
git push origin main
```

---

## 🎨 Design Guidelines

### Colors

- Primary: Indigo (indigo-600)
- Secondary: Purple
- Success: Green
- Error: Red
- Neutral: Gray

### Typography

- Headings: font-bold
- Body: Default system font stack
- Code: font-mono

### Spacing

- Use Tailwind spacing scale (4, 6, 8, 12, etc.)
- Consistent padding in cards: p-6
- Consistent gaps: gap-4, gap-6

### Components

- Use components from `components/ui/` when possible
- Keep islands small and focused
- Consistent button styles (primary, secondary, ghost)

---

## 💡 Tips & Best Practices

### Performance

- Images: Use WebP when possible
- Lazy load images on public profiles
- Keep bundle size small (Fresh helps with this)
- Cache public profile pages

### Security

- Never trust client input
- Always validate on server
- Use RLS policies in Supabase
- Rate limit API endpoints
- Sanitize user-generated content

### UX

- Show loading states
- Provide immediate feedback
- Graceful error handling
- Clear error messages
- Confirm destructive actions

### Code Quality

- Use TypeScript strictly
- Comment complex logic
- Keep functions small
- Extract reusable logic to `lib/`
- Follow existing code style

---

## 🆘 Troubleshooting

### "Database error" when creating profile

- Check RLS policies in Supabase
- Verify user is authenticated
- Check server logs

### Stripe webhook not working

- Verify webhook secret in .env
- Check webhook signing
- Use Stripe CLI for local testing:
  ```bash
  stripe listen --forward-to localhost:5173/api/billing/webhook
  ```

### Images not uploading

- Check Supabase Storage bucket permissions
- Verify file size limits
- Check CORS settings

### Build fails

- Run `deno cache --reload main.ts`
- Check for TypeScript errors
- Verify all imports are correct

---

## 📞 Support & Resources

### Documentation

- Fresh: https://fresh.deno.dev/docs
- Deno: https://deno.land/manual
- Supabase: https://supabase.com/docs
- Stripe: https://stripe.com/docs

### Community

- Deno Discord: https://discord.gg/deno
- Fresh Discord: (link in Fresh docs)
- Supabase Discord: https://discord.supabase.com

### Project Files

- `MVP_ROADMAP.md` - Full roadmap (this summary's source)
- `product_strategy.md` - Original strategy doc
- `DATABASE_SETUP.md` - Database setup guide
- `sql/LINKINBIO_SETUP.sql` - Database schema
- `SECURITY_REFACTORING.md` - Security changes made

---

## ✅ Daily Checklist (During Development)

**Every day:**

- [ ] Pull latest changes: `git pull`
- [ ] Check open issues/todos
- [ ] Make meaningful progress (1-2 features)
- [ ] Test changes on mobile
- [ ] Commit and push: `git commit -m "feat: xxx"`
- [ ] Update roadmap if priorities change

**Every week:**

- [ ] Review analytics (if live)
- [ ] Check user feedback
- [ ] Prioritize next week's work
- [ ] Deploy to production if stable

---

## 🎯 Success Metrics to Track

### Development Phase

- Features completed per week
- Bugs fixed per week
- Test coverage (when tests added)

### Launch Phase

- Signups per day
- Published profiles per day
- Active users (7-day)
- Conversion rate (signup → published)

### Monetization Phase

- Free → paid conversion %
- MRR (Monthly Recurring Revenue)
- Churn rate
- Average revenue per user (ARPU)

---

## 🚦 Current Status

### ✅ Complete (Working Well)

- Authentication system
- User profiles and roles
- Public profile pages
- Links CRUD operations
- Basic analytics (counters)
- 5 theme options
- Username system
- Admin panel
- Database with RLS

### 🟡 Partial (Needs Enhancement)

- Profile customization (no avatar upload)
- Analytics (no charts, no time-series)
- Mobile UX (needs audit)
- Onboarding (non-existent)

### ❌ Not Started

- Avatar upload
- Social links
- Stripe integration
- Subscription tiers
- Advanced analytics
- Email notifications
- Custom domains

---

## 📝 Notes

- Focus on shipping, not perfection
- Get feedback early and often
- Start with small batch of users
- Iterate based on real usage data
- Don't over-engineer
- Keep it simple and fast

**Remember:** The goal is to launch and learn, not to build the perfect product
in isolation.

---

**Ready to build? Start with Day 1: Avatar Upload! 🚀**

Commit message:

Implement onboarding flow with user profile updates and migration
- Introduced an onboarding wizard to guide users through setting up their profiles after signup, enhancing user engagement and reducing drop-off rates.
- Added a new `onboarding_completed` boolean field to the `user_profiles` table to track onboarding status.
- Created an API endpoint to mark onboarding as completed or skipped, ensuring proper state management.
- Updated the dashboard to conditionally display the onboarding wizard based on the user's onboarding status.
- Included a SQL migration script to add the `onboarding_completed` column to the database.

These changes improve the user experience by providing a structured onboarding process and ensuring users are guided through essential setup steps.

docs/QUICK_START.md, after:

# Quick Start Guide - Next Steps

**Date:** January 22, 2026 **Status:** MVP ~85% Complete, Ready for Polish Phase

---

## 🎯 Immediate Action Items (This Week)

### Day 1-2: Avatar Upload (HIGH PRIORITY) ✅ COMPLETE

**Estimated Time:** 6-8 hours

**Why:** Users need profile photos. Currently shows initials only.

**Steps:**

1. Set up Supabase Storage bucket for avatars
2. Create API endpoint: `routes/api/profile/upload-avatar.ts`
3. Add upload UI to `islands/LinksEditor.tsx`
4. Image validation (max 2MB, resize to 500x500px)
5. Update profile display in `routes/@[username].tsx`

**Code skeleton:**

```typescript
// routes/api/profile/upload-avatar.ts
import { createSupabaseClient } from "../../lib/supabase.ts";

export const handler = async (req: Request): Promise<Response> => {
  const formData = await req.formData();
  const file = formData.get("avatar") as File;

  // Validate file type and size
  // Upload to Supabase Storage: avatars/{user_id}/avatar.jpg
  // Update public_profiles.avatar_url
  // Return new avatar URL
};
```

---

### Day 3: Social Links (HIGH PRIORITY) ✅ COMPLETE

**Estimated Time:** 4-6 hours

**Why:** Instagram, Twitter, YouTube icons are expected features.

**Steps:**

1. Add migration to `sql/LINKINBIO_SETUP.sql`:
   ```sql
   ALTER TABLE public_profiles
   ADD COLUMN social_links JSONB DEFAULT '{}'::jsonb;
   ```
2. Add social links editor to `islands/LinksEditor.tsx`
3. Display social icons on `routes/@[username].tsx`
4. Use common icon set (or emojis)

**Format:**

```json
{
  "instagram": "username",
  "twitter": "handle",
  "youtube": "channel_url",
  "tiktok": "username",
  "linkedin": "profile",
  "github": "username"
}
```

---

### Day 4: Link Icons/Emojis (MEDIUM PRIORITY)

**Estimated Time:** 2-3 hours

**Why:** Makes links more engaging and visual.

**Steps:**

1. Add emoji picker to link editor in `islands/LinksEditor.tsx`
2. Store in existing `links.icon` field (already exists!)
3. Display on public profile

**Simple approach:**

```typescript
// Common emojis grid
const COMMON_EMOJIS = [
  "🔗",
  "🌐",
  "📱",
  "💼",
  "🎵",
  "🎬",
  "📧",
  "🛒",
  "📚",
  "🎨",
];
```

---

### Day 5: Mobile Responsiveness Audit (HIGH PRIORITY) ✅ COMPLETE

**Estimated Time:** 4-6 hours\
**Actual Time:** ~5 hours\
**Completed:** January 24, 2026

**Why:** Most traffic will be mobile.

**Checklist:**

- [x] Test all pages on iPhone SE (375px)
- [x] Test on Android (360px)
- [x] Touch targets minimum 44px
- [x] Forms easy to fill on mobile
- [x] Public profile perfect on mobile
- [x] Dashboard usable on mobile
- [x] No horizontal scroll anywhere

**Implementation Summary:**

All pages have been optimized for mobile devices with the following
improvements:

1. **Touch Targets**: All interactive elements (buttons, links, inputs) now meet
   the 44px minimum touch target requirement
2. **Responsive Layouts**:
   - Dashboard grid stacks on mobile
   - Forms use responsive padding (p-6 sm:p-8 md:p-12)
   - Headers stack vertically on mobile
3. **Public Profile**: Optimized padding, avatar sizing, and social icon touch
   targets
4. **Links Editor**: Theme grid responsive (3 cols on mobile, 5 on desktop)
5. **UI Components**: Button and Input components enforce 44px minimum height
6. **Global Styles**: Added overflow-x: hidden and touch-manipulation CSS for
   better mobile experience
7. **Typography**: Responsive text sizing (text-xl sm:text-2xl patterns)

**Files Modified:**

- `routes/@[username].tsx` - Public profile mobile optimization
- `routes/dashboard.tsx` - Dashboard mobile layout
- `routes/index.tsx` - Home page mobile responsiveness
- `routes/links.tsx` - Links page mobile layout
- `routes/profile.tsx` - Profile page mobile layout
- `routes/login.tsx` & `routes/register.tsx` - Form page containers
- `islands/LoginForm.tsx` & `islands/RegisterForm.tsx` - Form mobile
  optimization
- `islands/LinksEditor.tsx` - Links editor mobile responsiveness
- `islands/ProfileForm.tsx` - Profile form mobile padding
- `components/ui/Button.tsx` - 44px minimum touch target
- `components/ui/Input.tsx` - 44px minimum touch target
- `assets/styles.css` - Global mobile styles (overflow prevention, touch
  optimization)

---

### Day 6-7: Onboarding Flow (HIGH PRIORITY) ✅ COMPLETE

**Status:** Implemented.

**Estimated Time:** 4-6 hours

**Why:** Reduce drop-off after signup.

**Steps:**

1. Create `islands/OnboardingWizard.tsx` — done
2. Show after first login — wizard appears on dashboard when
   `onboarding_completed` is false
3. Steps:
   - Welcome! Let's set up your page
   - Choose a username
   - Add your first link
   - Pick a theme
   - Publish your page!
4. Progress indicator (1 of 5)
5. Skip option

**Setup:** Run the onboarding migration in Supabase SQL Editor so the dashboard
can track completion:

- `sql/ONBOARDING_MIGRATION.sql` — adds `user_profiles.onboarding_completed`
  (default false). After running, new or existing users see the wizard on
  dashboard until they complete or skip it.

---

## 📊 Week 2: Analytics & Polish

### Analytics Dashboard

**Create:** `routes/analytics.tsx` + `routes/api/analytics/stats.ts`

**Show:**

- Page views over time (last 7/30 days)
- Total clicks
- Top performing links
- Basic referrer data

**Keep it simple:** Use CSS bars instead of heavy chart libraries initially.

---

### Landing Page Enhancement

**Update:** `routes/index.tsx`

**Sections:**

- Hero: Clear value prop
- Features with icons
- Pricing preview
- CTA: "Get Started Free"
- Footer with links

---

## 💰 Week 3-5: Monetization

### 1. Set up Stripe (Day 1)

1. Create Stripe account
2. Get API keys
3. Create products/prices in Stripe Dashboard
   - Pro: $5/month
   - Business: $15/month

### 2. Database Changes (Day 1)

```sql
ALTER TABLE user_profiles ADD COLUMN subscription_tier TEXT DEFAULT 'free';
ALTER TABLE user_profiles ADD COLUMN stripe_customer_id TEXT;
ALTER TABLE user_profiles ADD COLUMN stripe_subscription_id TEXT;
ALTER TABLE user_profiles ADD COLUMN subscription_status TEXT;
ALTER TABLE user_profiles ADD COLUMN subscription_ends_at TIMESTAMPTZ;
```

### 3. Build API Routes (Day 2-3)

- `routes/api/billing/create-checkout-session.ts`
- `routes/api/billing/create-portal-session.ts`
- `routes/api/billing/webhook.ts`

### 4. Create Pages (Day 3-4)

- `routes/pricing.tsx` - Public pricing page
- `routes/billing.tsx` - User billing dashboard
- `islands/PricingCards.tsx` - Interactive cards

### 5. Feature Gating (Day 4-5)

- Create `lib/subscription.ts` with tier limits
- Enforce in `routes/api/links/index.ts`
- Show upgrade prompts in `islands/LinksEditor.tsx`

### 6. Testing (Day 5-6)

- Test checkout flow
- Test webhook handling
- Test subscription updates
- Test cancellation

---

## 🚀 Launch Checklist

### Pre-Launch

- [ ] Avatar upload working
- [ ] Social links working
- [ ] Mobile responsive
- [ ] All bugs fixed
- [ ] Onboarding flow complete
- [ ] Landing page polished
- [ ] Documentation written
- [ ] 20+ beta users tested
- [ ] 10+ testimonials collected

### Payment Setup

- [ ] Stripe account approved
- [ ] Products created in Stripe
- [ ] Webhooks configured
- [ ] Billing dashboard working
- [ ] Test mode fully tested
- [ ] Live mode keys added

### Legal & Compliance

- [ ] Privacy Policy published
- [ ] Terms of Service published
- [ ] GDPR compliance (for EU users)
- [ ] Cookie consent (if tracking)
- [ ] Refund policy clear

### Marketing

- [ ] Product Hunt listing prepared
- [ ] Twitter announcement drafted
- [ ] Reddit posts ready
- [ ] Email to waitlist ready
- [ ] Press kit (screenshots, logo, copy)

### Technical

- [ ] Performance audit (Lighthouse > 90)
- [ ] Security audit complete
- [ ] Error monitoring (Sentry) set up
- [ ] Backups configured
- [ ] Rate limiting enabled
- [ ] Domain & SSL working

---

## 📈 First Week Goals (After Launch)

### User Acquisition

- **Target:** 100 registered users
- **Strategy:**
  - Product Hunt launch
  - Post in 5+ relevant subreddits
  - Share on Twitter with demo video
  - DM 20 micro-influencers

### Engagement

- **Target:** 50 published profiles
- **Monitor:**
  - Sign up → profile creation rate
  - Profile creation → publish rate
  - Drop-off points

### Revenue

- **Target:** First paying customer
- **Track:**
  - Free → paid conversion rate
  - Checkout abandonment rate

---

## 🛠️ Development Environment Setup

### First Time Setup

```bash
# 1. Clone the repo (already done ✓)

# 2. Install Deno (if not already installed)
curl -fsSL https://deno.land/x/install/install.sh | sh

# 3. Create .env file
cp .env.example .env
# Add your Supabase credentials

# 4. Set up Supabase database
# Copy sql/LINKINBIO_SETUP.sql into Supabase SQL Editor and run

# 5. Start dev server
deno task dev
```

### Environment Variables Needed

```env
SUPABASE_URL=https://xxx.supabase.co
SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=xxx
SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY=xxx
STRIPE_SECRET_KEY=sk_test_xxx (after Stripe setup)
STRIPE_WEBHOOK_SECRET=whsec_xxx (after webhook setup)
```

---

## 🐛 Known Issues / Tech Debt

### High Priority

1. No avatar upload functionality yet
2. No social links support yet
3. Analytics is very basic (just counters)
4. No user onboarding flow
5. No email notifications
6. No rate limiting on API endpoints

### Medium Priority

7. No comprehensive error logging
8. No automated testing
9. No CI/CD pipeline
10. Email templates are default Supabase ones

### Low Priority

11. No dark mode (except in public profile themes)
12. No i18n support
13. No PWA features (offline, install prompt)

---

## 📚 Helpful Commands

```bash
# Development
deno task dev              # Start dev server (localhost:5173)
deno task check            # Type check and lint
deno task build            # Production build

# Database
# Run migrations directly in Supabase SQL Editor

# Deployment (Deno Deploy)
deno deploy                # Deploy to production

# Git workflow
git add .
git commit -m "feat: add avatar upload"
git push origin main
```

---

## 🎨 Design Guidelines

### Colors

- Primary: Indigo (indigo-600)
- Secondary: Purple
- Success: Green
- Error: Red
- Neutral: Gray

### Typography

- Headings: font-bold
- Body: Default system font stack
- Code: font-mono

### Spacing

- Use Tailwind spacing scale (4, 6, 8, 12, etc.)
- Consistent padding in cards: p-6
- Consistent gaps: gap-4, gap-6

### Components

- Use components from `components/ui/` when possible
- Keep islands small and focused
- Consistent button styles (primary, secondary, ghost)

---

## 💡 Tips & Best Practices

### Performance

- Images: Use WebP when possible
- Lazy load images on public profiles
- Keep bundle size small (Fresh helps with this)
- Cache public profile pages

### Security

- Never trust client input
- Always validate on server
- Use RLS policies in Supabase
- Rate limit API endpoints
- Sanitize user-generated content

### UX

- Show loading states
- Provide immediate feedback
- Graceful error handling
- Clear error messages
- Confirm destructive actions

### Code Quality

- Use TypeScript strictly
- Comment complex logic
- Keep functions small
- Extract reusable logic to `lib/`
- Follow existing code style

---

## 🆘 Troubleshooting

### "Database error" when creating profile

- Check RLS policies in Supabase
- Verify user is authenticated
- Check server logs

### Stripe webhook not working

- Verify webhook secret in .env
- Check webhook signing
- Use Stripe CLI for local testing:
  ```bash
  stripe listen --forward-to localhost:5173/api/billing/webhook
  ```

### Images not uploading

- Check Supabase Storage bucket permissions
- Verify file size limits
- Check CORS settings

### Build fails

- Run `deno cache --reload main.ts`
- Check for TypeScript errors
- Verify all imports are correct

---

## 📞 Support & Resources

### Documentation

- Fresh: https://fresh.deno.dev/docs
- Deno: https://deno.land/manual
- Supabase: https://supabase.com/docs
- Stripe: https://stripe.com/docs

### Community

- Deno Discord: https://discord.gg/deno
- Fresh Discord: (link in Fresh docs)
- Supabase Discord: https://discord.supabase.com

### Project Files

- `MVP_ROADMAP.md` - Full roadmap (this summary's source)
- `product_strategy.md` - Original strategy doc
- `DATABASE_SETUP.md` - Database setup guide
- `sql/LINKINBIO_SETUP.sql` - Database schema
- `SECURITY_REFACTORING.md` - Security changes made

---

## ✅ Daily Checklist (During Development)

**Every day:**

- [ ] Pull latest changes: `git pull`
- [ ] Check open issues/todos
- [ ] Make meaningful progress (1-2 features)
- [ ] Test changes on mobile
- [ ] Commit and push: `git commit -m "feat: xxx"`
- [ ] Update roadmap if priorities change

**Every week:**

- [ ] Review analytics (if live)
- [ ] Check user feedback
- [ ] Prioritize next week's work
- [ ] Deploy to production if stable

---

## 🎯 Success Metrics to Track

### Development Phase

- Features completed per week
- Bugs fixed per week
- Test coverage (when tests added)

### Launch Phase

- Signups per day
- Published profiles per day
- Active users (7-day)
- Conversion rate (signup → published)

### Monetization Phase

- Free → paid conversion %
- MRR (Monthly Recurring Revenue)
- Churn rate
- Average revenue per user (ARPU)

---

## 🚦 Current Status

### ✅ Complete (Working Well)

- Authentication system
- User profiles and roles
- Public profile pages
- Links CRUD operations
- Basic analytics (counters)
- 5 theme options
- Username system
- Admin panel
- Database with RLS

### 🟡 Partial (Needs Enhancement)

- Profile customization (no avatar upload)
- Analytics (no charts, no time-series)
- Mobile UX (needs audit)
- Onboarding (non-existent)

### ❌ Not Started

- Avatar upload
- Social links
- Stripe integration
- Subscription tiers
- Advanced analytics
- Email notifications
- Custom domains

---

## 📝 Notes

- Focus on shipping, not perfection
- Get feedback early and often
- Start with small batch of users
- Iterate based on real usage data
- Don't over-engineer
- Keep it simple and fast

**Remember:** The goal is to launch and learn, not to build the perfect product
in isolation.

---

**Ready to build? Start with Day 1: Avatar Upload! 🚀**
